you better go tell my father then I'm
swearing you better go tell my father
since he's in the bed with you I what up
people they should do numeral here with
another squeaker versus squeaker
well more like squeaker versus multiple
squeakers and people this kid is a
straight-up Savage please keep in mind
anything that was said in this video was
not meant to offend anybody this was
purely for reactions and to instigate if
you guys enjoy this video and want to
see the rest be sure to smash that like
button thousand likes would be freaking
highly bra till then I'll see you guys
next video peace why did the mention
penises in this hobby man I don't dude
you don't have the naughty little baby
he called you a baby back bitch what you
gonna say dick you can suck on titties
because she's here Yeah right next to me
man you guys can't talk shit you guys
are pussies let me see some extreme shit
I would hear you saying solos yes yeah
his mom is with me so oh wait they wait
they aren't home they're homeless D no
they're only you but if you're all up
sucking into that can I hear it
you just dis your parents
you better go tell my father then I'm
swearing you better go tell my father
since he's in the bed with you
okay Joe that's all you got your pussy
squeaker number to come up with
something man
me yeah I'm number two I got number one
here oh my bad your pussy squeaker
number one my bad yeah what about the
other little Quebec he can't say shit
he's too scared hey pussy squeaker
number number two where you wet yeah
come on where are you a lot man come and
come out the closet bro oh my bed my bed
hey my bed you were in the food pantries
all the time I never said anything about
waiting no I never said anything my wait
when did I ever say that just a food
pantry I'm not allowed to say that guys
guys don't hurt his feelings
what the skin card to do with anything
oh is that why you're trying to hit you
know I've heard the word hey I've heard
the word queer bag like six times come
up with something else bro that's a
preschool but then again you probably
aren't preschool Oh somebody joke's on
you but you Amelie go after me you're
afraid to get on somebody with balls
we made a point no no he pulled that
philosophical shit on them I don't say
what the ER how do you say over here
papi
I think nigga you said what is this what
is this Inspector Gadget or so she will
happen to pussy squeaker number two no
no not a number four was a little bit
better honestly it's you number five
shut the fuck up number one you shut
your face no no no it's a squeaker
number one braces in that's some shit I
fucking respect right there man where
did he go what's wrong about that what's
what's wrong
are you one a my girl much of the girl
you damn rest in peace
put them in the grave let me hear us
come back lemierre's come back with us
why is that kid whispering who is Reaper
four nine eight four
that's your daddy boy hey nigga
I mean who is that boy number one number
one the fuck is wrong with you see where
my manners
go to the bathroom so you don't piss
yourself tonight don't hang out with
your little brother we don't need we
don't need to work it here hey but
you're not his little brother oh he's
our son oh my god hey nobody wants to
play Minecraft go go tap your little
blocks hey what's wrong with being
Chairman's over here talking like over
you
are you talking to me you